BLINKs.
We just finished the last US show. Yay!
Wow, I still can’t hear anything.
Is my voice coming out alright?
I’m so sad it’s already over.
I'm sad to see it come to an end.
It feels bittersweet.
Over the past month and a half
there were
many new and exciting experiences.
Still, I had a lot of time
to relax in different cities.
It was great.
We performed a lot,
and it was a meaningful time.
I think I enjoyed every moment
more than I thought I would.
It was a meaningful tour,
like a surprise gift.
What I felt the most during the tour was…
It really was a time for me
to rethink of myself
as a member of BLACKPINK.
I honestly don’t think we’ve changed much
just because it’s been five years.
We haven’t changed much,
but what's more reassuring is
having fans by our side,
who have always supported us
for the last five years.
There will be the sixth
and the seventh anniversary in the future,
and it feels like
we’re getting stronger over the years.
I really like the feeling of us and BLINKs
becoming a lot closer.
I can’t believe
it's already been five years.
I wish this movie gets
a little bit of our BLINKs'
frustration out, and
it’s a good memory
that we are also gonna have.
And we can look back at it next year
and talk about it, maybe?
It’s a new step for us,
I’m really glad that
we got this opportunity.
And I miss you guys.
I feel like I cried a lot
over the five years.
When I watch the videos
from my fans, I tear up.
I was so touched
when I just saw that video.
Even now as I’m talking,
I feel like I’m going to cry.
Because those were such happy times.
Five years ago,
we were five years younger,
and it was probably the same
with our BLINKs.
As we continued to grow,
I was very happy
to be able to share that time with BLINKs.
I miss them so much
since we haven’t been able to meet lately.
But because we missed each other so much,
when we meet again,
I’m so excited at the thought
that we’ll be able to greet them
with the biggest joy.
Thank you so much
for always worrying about us,
and above all, thank you that
you always show us love and support.
We miss you so much.
BLINKs have always been there by our side
no matter which year of our career it is,
showing us so much unchanging love.
That's what makes us
want to move forward further.
I hope you stay with BLACKPINK
all the way,
as if we are lifelong companions.
Thank you, and love you always.
Whenever we talk about how we feel inside,
I always have nothing to say.
I feel very shy about it, but…
What should I say?
There are so many things
that I wanted to say, but…
To keep it short…